README.md, before:

Symfony Demo Application
========================

The "Symfony Demo Application" is a reference application created to show how
to develop Symfony applications following the recommended best practices.

Requirements
------------

You must have PDO-SQLite php extension enabled.

```bash
$ sudo aptitude install php5-sqlite

```

Installation
------------

First, install the [Symfony Installer](https://github.com/symfony/symfony-installer)
if you haven't already. Then, install the Symfony Demo Application executing
this command anywhere in your system:

```bash
$ symfony demo

# if you're using Windows:
$ php symfony demo
```

If the `demo` command is not available, update your Symfony Installer to the
most recent version executing the `symfony self-update` command.

> **NOTE**
>
> If you can't use the Symfony Installer, download and install the demo
> application using Git and Composer:
>
>     $ git clone https://github.com/symfony/symfony-demo
>     $ cd symfony-demo/
>     $ composer install

Usage
-----

If you have PHP 5.4 or higher, there is no need to configure a virtual host
in your web server to access the application. Just use the built-in web server:

```bash
$ cd symfony-demo/
$ php app/console server:run
```

This command will start a web server for the Symfony application. Now you can access
the application in your browser at <http://localhost:8000>. You can stop the built-in
web server by pressing `Ctrl + C` while you're in the terminal.

> **NOTE**
>
> If you're using PHP 5.3, configure your web server to point at the `web/`
> directory of the project. For more details, see:
> http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/configuration/web_server_configuration.html

Commit message:

Tweaked the new requirements section

README.md, after:

Symfony Demo Application
========================

The "Symfony Demo Application" is a reference application created to show how
to develop Symfony applications following the recommended best practices.

Requirements
------------

  * PHP 5.3;
  * PDO-SQLite PHP extension enabled;
  * and the [usual Symfony application requirements](http://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/requirements.html).

Installation
------------

First, install the [Symfony Installer](https://github.com/symfony/symfony-installer)
if you haven't already. Then, install the Symfony Demo Application executing
this command anywhere in your system:

```bash
$ symfony demo

# if you're using Windows:
$ php symfony demo
```

If the `demo` command is not available, update your Symfony Installer to the
most recent version executing the `symfony self-update` command.

> **NOTE**
>
> If you can't use the Symfony Installer, download and install the demo
> application using Git and Composer:
>
>     $ git clone https://github.com/symfony/symfony-demo
>     $ cd symfony-demo/
>     $ composer install

Usage
-----

If you have PHP 5.4 or higher, there is no need to configure a virtual host
in your web server to access the application. Just use the built-in web server:

```bash
$ cd symfony-demo/
$ php app/console server:run
```

This command will start a web server for the Symfony application. Now you can access
the application in your browser at <http://localhost:8000>. You can stop the built-in
web server by pressing `Ctrl + C` while you're in the terminal.

> **NOTE**
>
> If you're using PHP 5.3, configure your web server to point at the `web/`
> directory of the project. For more details, see:
> http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/configuration/web_server_configuration.html
